---
keywords: fastai
title: Test Corrections
toc: true
comments: true
permalink: /techtalk/test_correct
image: /images/bash.jpeg
categories: [techtalk]
nb_path: _notebooks/2023_01_30_test_corrections.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2023_01_30_test_corrections.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="Corrections">Corrections<a class="anchor-link" href="#Corrections"> </a></h2><ul>
<li><p>Question 1: In this question I did not thoroughly analyze the situation and made a silly mistake not fully reading the question.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 2: Again, I did not fully look at the situation and did not see that count is set to 0 in each iteration in the situation and the best way to make the program work was to move line 5 between 2 and 3.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 8: In this question I did not notice that I had to chose 2 answers and thought I only had to chose 1.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 10: In this question I made a silly mistake and selected the AND option instead of the OR option</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 13: In this question I just made a mistake and did not read the question properly.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 15: This question was also solved in haste and I failed to make sense of the question.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 16: In this question I did not fully understand the meaning of the options given and did not consider selection when deciding my response.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 17: I did not realise that I had to chose 2 answers as a response to the question.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 21: I did not add the numbers properly in my head while thinking of the answer to the question.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 22: I did not perform mental maths properly in this question.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 28: In this question, I did not properly observe the scenario and rushed the question.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 29: In this question, I again did not read the question properly and made a silly mistake.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 30: I did not see that I had to select two answers.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 32: I did not perform correct metal maths for this question.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 34: for this question I had the understanding of the concept inccorect and did not understand the question.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 35: for this question I again had a conceptual error.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 40: I modeled the situation inccorectly in my head for this question.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 49: I did not fully read the situation for the problem.</p>
</li>
<li><p>Question 50: I did not fully understand the situation for the problem.</p>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

